c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\Odata.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\Odata.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\Odata.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\Microsoft.OData.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\Microsoft.OData.Edm.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\Microsoft.Spatial.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\System.Web.OData.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\Microsoft.OData.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\Microsoft.OData.Edm.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\Microsoft.Spatial.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\System.Web.OData.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\de\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\es\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\fr\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\it\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\ja\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\ko\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\ru\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\de\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\es\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\fr\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\it\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\ja\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\ko\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\ru\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.OData.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\de\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\es\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\fr\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\it\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\ja\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\ko\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\ru\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\obj\Debug\Odata.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\obj\Debug\Odata.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Odata\Odata\obj\Debug\Odata.pdb
